sup guys um I'm in a review of a new
case for my LG motion uh I had the Rhino
hyper case but I lost it so now I got
this new raikou or Rico I don't know i'm
not sure you pronounce it and let them
focus just i got it at amazon well i got
it at the flea market for about 20 bucks
but you guys can go to amazon just type
in right there LG motion right go Rico I
don't know how you guys see that and it
comes in a variety of colors and the
closest one is this one when I have it's
about four bucks here on amazon but of
course it takes a lot longer um it's a
good case I'll i recommended shit oh
yeah here the different colors for
example the red is a hard rubber and the
grey is about hard plastic so and cuz of
the holster so the holster would be the
hard plastic so this will be all hard
plastic in with white um rubber but yeah
the one I got is similar to this one
it's better though it's uh comes like
this it's a red rubber flexible but
thick for protection it's very flat
almost like an iphone case if you uh yes
see you just set it down somewhere
people would think you have an iphone 4s
or something see that is very nice just
put the case or the phone excuse me and
there you go you can carry it around
this is actually tight enough that it
will slip off so very nice and it looks
nice like this I would walk around with
this yeah but it also comes with this
which is the hard part it's a so i can
get this out one hand okay here's the
hard part it's very strong right there
right go and to put it on used this was
a bit harder than the Rhino case for my
the last case i had only because I has
Oh allows easy nevermind my mistake it
was very easy there you go and these are
hard rubber parts and they're actually
very easy to press you can see very nice
there you go you got access to your
school right there charging poor camera
Oh speaker grill has this nice scene
sleek feel or look to it looks like a
otterbox from a distance but no it's
very good I mean it's so flat you can
stand on it so let me look at that so we
can standing on this up yeah there you
go see that's how nice and well built
this is and it comes with this the
holster this doesn't have a kickstand
though however this it comes with this
it's basically a holster you can put it
in any way you can put it in like this
like this like this or like this so you
just dumb sit and put the song there you
go very sleek nice and cost with a
little clip you can flip it around
second flip it around which ways see
just flip it around whichever way you
want not just it's kind of hard because
I don't usually flip it around then go
and it's also a kickstand need to grow
my nails man damn it god oh excuse me
for a sec all right there we go tell us
a nice little kickstand use it so just
take it out just take your phone out
face it um the way that you want there
or just basically facing your way there
you go put it on now you can use it to
skype another very good let's see camera
nice and skype
and ya see use it like this skype and
yeah flip it sideways you know use it to
skype you can't see me because I'm it's
dark in here and i'm wearing black but
yeah it's very nice I mean fuck a nice
case don't recommend it yes I recommend
it i actually prefer this over the Rhino
case it's very nice walk it around clip
tough strong and yeah it's a nice kiss
overall hope you guys enjoy the video go
get this case I was very nice it's
better than my last case I had thanks
for watching and peace